Update lite interpreter tutorial to beta (#1549)
pytorch/tutorials: prototype_source/lite_interpreter.rst

    # Export lite interpreter version model (compatible with lite interpreter)
    scripted_module._save_for_lite_interpreter("deeplabv3_scripted.ptl")

2. **Use the PyTorch Android library in the ImageSegmentation app**: Update the `dependencies` part of ``ImageSegmentation/app/build.gradle`` to

.. code:: gradle

    repositories {
        maven {
            url "https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots"
        }
    }

    dependencies {

>         implementation fileTree(dir: "libs", include: ["*.jar"])

Reviewer: not needed anymore

        implementation 'androidx.appcompat:appcompat:1.2.0'
        implementation 'androidx.constraintlayout:constraintlayout:2.0.2'
        testImplementation 'junit:junit:4.12'
        androidTestImplementation 'androidx.test.ext:junit:1.1.2'
        androidTestImplementation 'androidx.test.espresso:espresso-core:3.3.0'
        implementation 'org.pytorch:pytorch_android:1.9.0-SNAPSHOT'
        implementation 'org.pytorch:pytorch_android_torchvision:1.9.0-SNAPSHOT'

>         implementation 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:28.0.0'

Reviewer: not needed anymore - this line and next line.

        implementation 'com.facebook.fbjni:fbjni-java-only:0.0.3'
    }

> 4. **Update model loader api**: Update ``ImageSegmentation/app/src/main/java/org/pytorch/imagesegmentation/MainActivity.java`` by

Reviewer: No more step 3?

Author: After 1.9, no more step 3

Author: Good catch, it should be step 3 now

Author: Fix in latest commit. Also update the name `pytorch_android-release.aar`

    # Export lite interpreter version model (compatible with lite interpreter)

>     scripted_module._save_for_lite_interpreter("deeplabv3_scripted.ptl")

Reviewer: The `optimize_for_mobile` call is strongly recommended:
```
from torch.utils.mobile_optimizer import optimize_for_mobile
optimized_scripted_module = optimize_for_mobile(scripted_module)
optimized_scripted_module._save_for_lite_interpreter("deeplabv3_scripted_optimized.ptl")
```

In my test, using `deeplabv3_scripted_optimized.ptl`, the inference time speeds up about 100%, from over 3s (for deeplabv3_scripted.ptl` to about 1.5s.

Author: Oh good catch. Will update it.

Author: Update in the last commit

    // mModule = Module.load(MainActivity.assetFilePath(getApplicationContext(), "deeplabv3_scripted.pt"));
    mModule = LiteModuleLoader.load(MainActivity.assetFilePath(getApplicationContext(), "deeplabv3_scripted.ptl"));

4. **Test app**: Build and run the `ImageSegmentation` app in Android Studio

iOS
-------------------
Get ImageSegmentation demo app in iOS: https://github.com/pytorch/ios-demo-app/tree/master/ImageSegmentation

1. **Prepare model**: Same as Android.

2. **Build the project with Cocoapods and prebuilt interpreter** Update the `PodFile` and run `pod install`:

.. code-block:: podfile

    target 'ImageSegmentation' do
    # Comment the next line if you don't want to use dynamic frameworks
    use_frameworks!

    # Pods for ImageSegmentation
    pod 'LibTorch_Lite', '~>1.9.0'
    end

3. **Update library and api**

>   3.1 Update ``TorchModule.mm``: To use the custom built libraries the project, replace `#import <LibTorch/LibTorch.h>` (in ``TorchModule.mm``) which is needed when using LibTorch via Cocoapods with the code below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  3.1 Update ``TorchModule.mm``: To use the custom built libraries project, replace `#import <LibTorch/LibTorch.h>` (in ``TorchModule.mm``) which is needed when using LibTorch via CocoaPods with the code below:
```

        fatalError("Can't find the model file!")
    }

4. Build and test the app in Xcode.

How to use mobile interpreter + custom build
------------------------------------------

> Custom PyTorch library only contains the operators needed by the model, to do that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A custom PyTorch interpreter library can be created to reduce binary size, by only containing the operators needed by the model. In order to do that follow these steps:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   SELECTED_OP_LIST=deeplabv3_scripted.yaml BUILD_PYTORCH_MOBILE=1 IOS_PLATFORM=SIMULATOR ./scripts/build_ios.sh

**Android**: Take the x86 build for example, the command should be:

.. code-block:: bash

   SELECTED_OP_LIST=deeplabv3_scripted.yaml ./scripts/build_pytorch_android.sh x86

Conclusion
----------

> In this tutorial, we demonstrated how to use mobile interpreter in Android and iOS app. We walked through an Image Segmentation example to show how to dump the model, build torch library from source and use the new api to run model. Please be aware of that mobile interpreter is still under development, more library size reduction will be introduced in the future. APIs are subject to change in the future versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we demonstrated how to use PyTorch's efficient mobile interpreter, in an Android and iOS app.

We walked through an Image Segmentation example to show how to dump the model, build a custom torch library from source and use the new api to run model.

Our efficient mobile interpreter is still under development, and we will continue improving its size in the future. Note, however, that the APIs are subject to change in future versions.
```

> Thanks for reading! As always, we welcome any feedback, so please create an issue `here <https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues>`_ if you have any.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks for reading! As always, we welcome any feedback, so please create an issue `here <https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues>` - if you have any.
```
